docs: add an announcement of patch signing beta (#112)
shorebirdtech/website: src/pages/blogs/patch-signing-beta.md

---
layout: ../../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
title: Blog | Patch Signing Beta
description: Announcing Patch Signing for Shorebird Code Push.
date: June 5th, 2024
---

# Patch Signing (beta) 🔒

Shorebird’s code push allows developers to update their Flutter apps instantly,
over the air, deploying fixes directly to end users’ devices. Our solution takes
less than 5 minutes to integrate and requires no code changes. Shorebird’s code
push can update any Dart code in your app and we’ve designed the system to
comply with Apple and Google store policies without sacrificing performance
(even after patching).

> One of our goals is that Shorebird should be the default for all users of
> Flutter. To do that, using Shorebird needs to be a strict upgrade from default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of our goals is that Shorebird should be the default for all Flutter users. To do that, using Shorebird needs to be a strict upgrade from default
```

Flutter. This includes ensuring that Shorebird
is always helping with the security and privacy of your application.

> Today we're announcing another layer of security for Shorebird: patch
> signing. Patch signing allows you to cryptographically sign updates to your app
> and make your app require that patch contents are verified (via cryptographic
> signature) before applying the patch. This uses the same signing technologies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we're announcing another layer of security for Shorebird: patch
signing. Patch signing allows you to cryptographically sign updates to your app
and requires patch contents to be verified (via cryptographic
signature) before applying the patch can be applied to the device. This uses the same signing technologies
```

> signature) before applying the patch. This uses the same signing technologies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
signature) before applying the patch.

This uses the same signing technologies
```

> that are used in distributing your app through the app stores. With patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are used when distributing your app through the app stores. With patch
```

signing, your app has the ability to independently verify patch contents without
trusting any system or networks (including Shorebird) that might have been
involved in transporting the patch from you to your users.

> Patch signing is optional and an addition to the many ways in
> which Shorebird already works to protect the security of all our customers. We
> always take many precautions to protect the security of your app, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch signing is an optional addition to the many ways in
which Shorebird already works to protect the security of all our customers. We
always take many precautions to protect the security of your app, including
```

code), securing what data we do store both via encryption in transit and in
rest, cryptographically hashing and validating the contents of any patch you
create, as examples. You can see a full breakdown of security practices we
follow on your behalf in our [public security
policies](https://handbook.shorebird.dev/security).

The patch signing we’ve shipped today is marked as “beta”. The feature is fully
functional, but we expect there to be rough edges in how the patch signing integrates with
continuous deployment and key storage. A system is only as secure as
its weakest link, so improving our integrations with your preferred key
management systems, etc. is where we go next and where we need your help.

We’re looking for companies to work with us in testing and improving patch
signing over the next few weeks. If you are interested, please give it a try:
https://docs.shorebird.dev/guides/patch-signing/ You can also reach out to us
via [GitHub](https://github.com/shorebirdtech/shorebird/),
[Discord](https://discord.gg/shorebird) or [email](contact@shorebird.dev) should
you have feedback or questions.

We’d love to help you integrate Shorebird code push into your application.

> Please reach out to us if you have any questions or need help getting started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please [reach out](mail:contact@shorebird.dev) to us if you have any questions or need help getting started.
```

---
layout: ../../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
title: Blog | Patch Signing Beta
description: Announcing Patch Signing for Shorebird Code Push.
date: June 5th, 2024
---

# Patch Signing (beta) 🔒

Shorebird’s code push allows developers to update their Flutter apps instantly,
over the air, deploying fixes directly to end users’ devices. Our solution takes
less than 5 minutes to integrate and requires no code changes. Shorebird’s code
push can update any Dart code in your app and we’ve designed the system to
comply with Apple and Google store policies without sacrificing performance
(even after patching).

> One of our goals is that Shorebird should be the default for all users of
> Flutter. To do that, using Shorebird needs to be a strict upgrade from default
> Flutter and never worse than not using it. This includes ensuring that Shorebird
> is always helping with the security and privacy of your application, never the
> other way around.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
One of our goals is that Shorebird should be the default for all users of
Flutter. To do that, using Shorebird needs to be a strict upgrade from default
Flutter. This includes ensuring that Shorebird
is always helping with the security and privacy of your application.
```

Removing some redundant language

> Today we're announcing another layer of security possible with Shorebird: patch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Today we're announcing another layer of security for Shorebird: patch
```

signing. Patch signing allows you to cryptographically sign updates to your app
and make your app require that patch contents are verified (via cryptographic
signature) before applying the patch. This uses the same signing technologies
that are used in distributing your app through the app stores. With patch
signing, your app has the ability to independently verify patch contents without
trusting any system or networks (including Shorebird) that might have been
involved in transporting the patch from you to your users.

> Patch signing is optional and another layer in addition to the many ways in
> which Shorebird already works to protect the security of all our customers. We

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Patch signing is optional and an addition to the many ways in
which Shorebird already works to protect the security of all our customers. We
```

always take many precautions to protect the security of your app, including

> limiting what data ever leaves your servers (we never see or store your source

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
limiting what data leaves your servers (we never see or store your source
```

code), securing what data we do store both via encryption in transit and in
rest, cryptographically hashing and validating the contents of any patch you

> create, as examples. You can see a full break-down of security practices we

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
create, as examples. You can see a full breakdown of security practices we
```

follow on your behalf in our [public security
policies](https://handbook.shorebird.dev/security).

The patch signing we’ve shipped today is marked as “beta”. The feature is fully

> functional, but we expect rough edges in how the patch signing integrates with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
functional, but we expect there to be rough edges in how the patch signing integrates with
```

> existing continuous deployment and key storage. A system is only as secure as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
continuous deployment and key storage. A system is only as secure as
```
